Hi guys. In this video I want to show
you how to use this image chroma one
radiance text to image.
Uh
from a prompt that I generate from the
GPT.
Okay, I create this nice image. Let's
go.
Okay, first thing first, open the comfy
UI portable.
Run it.
Okay, go to the plate station.
Okay, I want to use this in them.
The model.
Okay, this one.
Uh chroma one radiance text to image.
Okay, to use this model almost download
those missing models.
You can download from here. As you can
see here it is.
Now you can download it from here. Copy
the URL
and then go to the internet download
manager.
Add the URL.
Now that we
and hit okay.
After that the downloading start
start.
Okay, for me download those files.
Okay, where are those files? First one.
This one.
Okay.
And let's add it to one by one.
And those
paths.
Okay, to do that first thing first,
let's return right here. Text to
quarter.
First thing you have to comfy UI
portable. Just comfy UI.
I go to modelers.
Search for text encoders. After that put
the first one right here.
Okay.
Open folder. And this is my first file.
I want to drag it right here.
Return here to modelers.
Uh after returning it to the modelers,
let's quickly go here.
Uh diffusion modelers chroma radiance
X0.
This model.
Where is this one?
Okay, this one.
Let's search for diffusion modelers.
Open it and drag it right here.
I think for the work I'll
Okay.
Release the paint station.
Uh this is for the users.
The guy.
That's uh
show it right now.
The model is text encoder on text 85
existences. Okay.
I want to put that in file in this
chroma radiance in diffusion model.
Okay.
Uh this is the default
uh
text
prompt
from this model.
And after that this is the resolution,
the width and height.
Okay. And you can press run to run and
save the
image.
Okay? Or you can go here to chat GPT.
Search for chat GPT.
Uh from the chat GPT you can add our
prompt right here.
Okay. Let's see.
Prompt.
We use
download
radiance
prompt
text
image
Okay.
I need
the prompt and
for this.
I want this. Or you can choose the
the prompt.
Okay, you see what created this here. So
carry on.
Okay.
Okay, that's the
two boys
place.
Hit me.
I want to test this prompt.
Copy this one.
Copy.
And return right here.
Put it on those.
And hit
paste.
Okay, run it.
Okay, to create this beautiful image it
takes around
45 minutes.
Thank you guys. This all for this
video.